woerth but today we will talk about a time that the under-20s do not
can not know the time when the reins of the country from here on the edge of the
media coverage of today but you are still real
marathon that often cross Dummies
and even though it has been mediatized it has
brave enthusiasts sell their storms to admire pilots
who had sometimes faced nearly 90 as special for mukarak in
England while the courses stretch out over several thousand
kilometers by sometimes mixing asphalt and earth on itself and pitiful
test
we are in 1991 and the queens of the discipline are machines have moved back
the ford summer escort clogs on the roads around the world for over 15
years
in vain
to parent the fiat 131 abarth to who are we going yet many more
his third world title in four years
m
the 911 south porsche
more comfortable on certain topics such as the monte-carlo for Corsica
or the last one
najib talbot lotus that had already given a hard time to the
during these last months
the opel ascona 400 with which the brand
however to talk about her
all so-called classic cars with atmospheric engines
generally satisfying up to 250gb
returned the solaris
but it was written that this year 10 991 would be the one of the big
upheavals from the simple idea of ​​transposing a transmission
permanent integral to a series car audi develop a set
made up of men even to use it for selling good backs
the template imposing reduced costs for the occasion also requiring the
Turbocharged five-cylinder engine order concept
Moreover it was tactical to take the lead against compatriots
bmw and mercedes it's a step back and its innovative technology of
promote through the World Rally Championship
the physics not too much the newcomer unveil to the world the salon of
Geneva 19 180
in the wake the house has assets 04 p January 1st of the year
next
the revolution of the world rally championship was in motion